Add "My files don't convert" issue template (#850)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopype: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/my-files-don-t-convert.md

---
name: My files don't convert
about: Use this when you have problem converting files using echopype
title: "[File conversion] SUSPECT_CAUSE"
labels: my_files_don't_convert
assignees: ''

---

### General description of problem
_Required_

### Computing environment
_Required_
- Echopype version:
- How echopype was installed (e.g., conda or pip):
- Operating system:

### Minimum example
_Required: A minimum code snippet that reproduces your problem._
The following code reproduces the errors I encountered:
```python
CODE SNIPPET
```

### Error message printouts
_Required: Copy-paste the entire error messages you encounter here._
Below is the error messages I received when running the above code:
```python
ERROR MESSAGES
```

### Provide an example file
_Required: An example file that allow reproducing the problem._

> Here is a link to an example file: SOME_ONLINE_LOCATION

Reviewer: Should we place limits on how big the file can be? Say, < 200 MB?

Author: Yeah that will be good. I'll add that.

> Here is a link to an example file: SOME_ONLINE_LOCATION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Link to an example raw file: SOME_ONLINE_LOCATION
- Raw file sensor model: (FOR EXAMPLE: Simrad EK60)
```
